README.md, before:

# Hello,🖖 there! Welcome to My Personal Portfolio

## 🎨 Front-End Developer & UI Designer

I'm an aspiring front-end developer and UI designer. I have a background with a Bachelor's in Business Administration and graduate courses in Strategic People Management and Project Management. I'm passionate about bridging the gap between strategy and execution, creating visually engaging and effective projects.

## 👨‍💻 Demo

[Click here](https://github.com/Barata-Ribeiro/barataribeiro_personal_portfolio/) to see a live demo of the website.

![Personal Portfolio](./public/screenshot.gif)

## 🚀 Portfolio Built With

This portfolio has been built using:

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## 🛠️ Project Setup

You'll need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) installed on your machine.

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Barata-Ribeiro/barataribeiro_personal_portfolio.git
```

2. Navigate to the project folder:

```bash
cd portfolio
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

4. Start the local development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

## 🤝 Contributing

If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## 🔮 Future Goals

I'm constantly expanding my skill set and venturing further into the realms of front-end development and UI design. My goal is to create visually appealing, user-friendly interfaces that enhance user experience and effectively translate business strategy into digital solutions.

## 📬 Get in Touch

Feel free to contact me with any questions or if you are interested in collaborating on a project.

🔗 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jo%C3%A3o-mendes-jorge-barata-ribeiro-645073118/)

## 📜 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: fixed README.md description and setup code 2

README.md, after:

# Hello,🖖 there! Welcome to My Personal Portfolio

## 🎨 Front-End Developer & UI Designer

I developed this portfolio starting with the UI Design using Figma, and then the code was written using React + Vite with Tailwind CSS as the style framework. I've used a combination of fonts, such as `Roboto` and `Kanit`, with `Comfortaa` for the decorator. I chose the color palette using the following as a base: ![#838073](https://placehold.co/15x15/838073/838073.png) `#838073`, ![#2b81e3](https://placehold.co/15x15/2b81e3/2b81e3.png) `#2b81e3`, ![#d2d904](https://placehold.co/15x15/d2d904/d2d904.png) `#d2d904`. The images used in both the hero and about sections are from Unsplash. Check out my projects and education, and let's discuss working together!

## 👨‍💻 Demo

[Click here](https://github.com/Barata-Ribeiro/barataribeiro_personal_portfolio/) to see a live demo of the website.

![Personal Portfolio](./public/screenshot.gif)

## 🚀 Portfolio Built With

This portfolio has been built using:

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## 🛠️ Project Setup

You'll need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) installed on your machine.

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Barata-Ribeiro/barataribeiro_personal_portfolio.git
```

2. Navigate to the project folder:

```bash
cd barataribeiro_personal_portfolio
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

4. Start the local development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

## 🤝 Contributing

If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## 🔮 Future Goals

I'm constantly expanding my skill set and venturing further into the realms of front-end development and UI design. My goal is to create visually appealing, user-friendly interfaces that enhance user experience and effectively translate business strategy into digital solutions.

## 📬 Get in Touch

Feel free to contact me with any questions or if you are interested in collaborating on a project.

🔗 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jo%C3%A3o-mendes-jorge-barata-ribeiro-645073118/)

## 📜 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
